hi I'm Tommy Dave and I have a wild talk
you've seen me repair my plane from
broken wings to crushed noses and now in
my last video you saw how I had it lent
to the control surfaces and I've had a
great time I've had a lot more control
over the plane but something became
apparent something's still missing in
the plane and I think the center of
gravity is off so if you stick around
I'll tell you how to work with that
so with the wild hog we've got the nose
and there's the battery and I started
with the battery back where it was sort
of supposed to be and I found that the
center of gravity though the
instructions don't tell you where the
center of gravity is supposed to be it
seemed way too far back so I moved the
battery I cut out some of the foam and I
move the factory as far as I could
forward and I was never quite sure about
it cuz I'm still learning and everything
well once I added the new control
surfaces on to the wild Hawk and I have
a lot more control over the plane it
became apparent that I think something
else is wrong and it was the center of
gravity so what I did and I'll show you
exactly what to do
as I move the center of gravity forward
by adding some weight to it so in this
view you can see the battery work
normally was set and and in this next
view you can see how the the wild hawk
balances in its old position with the
battery in its old place you can see
it's very far back like I said it's
getting close to halfway back on the
wing
so here I've cut the hole and now I've
put the weight and I've glued it with
just hot glue and that holds it in
pretty well now I've moved the battery
up to the forward position and now you
can see on the balance that I've moved
it very far forward it's about two and a
quarter inches back from the front of
the wing and that's just about one third
of the way from the front of the wing
I've taken this plane out and I've flown
it and it performs completely
differently it's a what it's a
completely different font plane with the
extra control surfaces I have a lot of
control over the plane now and with the
weight forward it just flies like a
dream so I think that was just something
I didn't understand from maybe an old
hand would know hopefully this will save
you a lot of time and an effort
you